Syllabus_Korean
##
< Course Description >

This course deals with the analysis of the market institutions, theory and 
empirical evidences in the important area of derivative markets and 
instruments such as futures and options, with a particular emphasis on basic 
principles of pricing and hedging these instruments.
The pedagogy is a combination of lectures/discussions and problem solutions. 
This course is fairly intensive and requires a fair amount of preparation for 
each session. 
The course is designed to help students to understand basic concepts of 
pricing derivative instruments and their practical applications, rather than a 
discussion of theories by itself. However, since concepts are somewhat 
mathmatical, a quantitative background, though definitely not required, would 
be an advantage.
##
Syllabus_English
##
This course deals with the analysis of the market institutions, theory and 
empirical evidence in the important area of derivative markets and instruments 
such as futures and options, with a particular emphasis on basic principles of 
pricing and hedging these instruments. The pedagogy is a combination of 
lectures/discussions and problem solutions. The course is fairly intensive and 
requires a fair amount of preparation for each session. The course is designed 
to help students to understand basic concepts of pricing derivative 
instruments and their practical applications, rather than a discussion of
theories by itself. However, since concepts are somewhat mathematical, a 
quantitative background, though definitely not required, would be an advantage.
Grades will be based on assignments and two examinations according to the 
formula:
Assignments 20 %
Mid-term 40 %
Final 40 %
##
