Syllabus_Korean
##
Food biochemistry is concerned with the principles of biochemistry which un
underlie the structure and behavior of substance and matter in food. It pr
provides updated information on fundamental topics such as sugars, po
polysaccharide, lipids, proteins, colours, flavors, preservatives, enzyme, fu
functional foods, and dietary supplements. Each of these areas is directly re
related to the current effort of commercializing food products and adding new va
value to them. The successful application of this knowledge is ultimately es
essential to the development and growth of major aspects of food science, in
including production, processing, preservation, distribution, safety, and en
engineering and technology. 

This course provides a one-semester overview of the subject leaving out the 
complex microbial derivations which usually accompany the one-semester course. S
Students completing this course will be able to use improved critical thinking s
skills to solve problems related to food chemistry. As a result of this course a
a student should obtain an indepth knowledge of the major macronutrients and m
micronutrients in food. The student also will gain deeper insights into c
consumer perspectives and preferences regarding issues such as genetically m
modified foods, nanomaterials in foods, functional foods and nutraceuticals, a
and food safety.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Course Description & Goals
Food biochemistry is concerned with the principles of biochemistry which un
underlie the structure and behavior of substance and matter in food. It pr
provides updated information on fundamental topics such as sugars, po
polysaccharide, lipids, proteins, colours, flavors, preservatives, enzyme, fu
functional foods, and dietary supplements. Each of these areas is directly re
related to the current effort of commercializing food products and adding new va
value to them. The successful application of this knowledge is ultimately es
essential to the development and growth of major aspects of food science, in
including production, processing, preservation, distribution, safety, and en
engineering and technology. 

This course provides a one-semester overview of the subject leaving out the 
complex microbial derivations which usually accompany the one-semester course. St
Stud
St

St
Stud
St
Stud
St

St
Stud
St

St

St
Stud
St

St
Stud
St
Stud
St

St
Stud
St

St
Stud
St
Stud
St

St
Stud
St
Students completing this course will be able to use improved critical thinking sk
ski
sk
sk

sk
ski
sk
ski
s
sk
ski
sk
sk

sk
ski
sk
ski
sk
sk

sk
ski
sk
sk
ski
sk
skills to solve problems related to food chemistry. As a result of this course a 
a 

a
a 
a 

a 
a 

a
a 
a 
a 

a
a 
a 

a 
a 
a 
a student should obtain an indepth knowledge of the major macronutrients and mi
micronutrients in food. The student also will gain deeper insights into co
consumer perspectives and preferences regarding issues such as genetically mo
modified foods, nanomaterials in foods, functional foods and nutraceuticals, an
and food safety.
##
