Syllabus_Korean
##
The main goal of this class is, of course, to read and enjoy representative 
Asian American novels. Then we will try to familiarize ourselves with the 
critical issues evolving around the novels of our choice and analyze the works 
in the socio-political context. The  bitter polemics between Maxine Hong 
Kingston and Jefferey Chin will make one good navigator among many when we 
explore this less-travelled ocean of ethnic literature. Chin blames his co-
ethnic women writers for collaboration with white America, for feeding it with 
Western biases against Asia. According to him, “House nigger is what America 
has made of us, admiring for being patient, submissive, esthetic, passive.”
And Chinese American women writers worked with racist America. According to 
another critic, Kingston "resorts to Orientalism in order to prove how un-
Oriental she is." Do you find these accusations containing an element of truth 
and also applicable to our target texts? Or is it just another male chauvinism 
that tries to place a gag on the already doubly repressed Asian women writers? 
The questions we raise related to these polemics are: who are these people, 
the hyphenated beings called Asian-Americans?; how should we appraise these 
writers’ narratives about their homelands and also their country of arrival?; 
how can one judge whether or not their criticisms of their homelands feed 
white America with old Orientalist fantasies?; is it fair for us, the 
outsiders, to classify them as one group or another and pass on them political 
or ethnical judgements based on the grouping? There are no “correct” answers 
to these questions. Yet through persistent engagement with these issues, each 
of us, I hope, will be able at least to build a good navigational map of Asian 
American literature and find his or her own tentative answers to the questions 
at the end of the semester.
##
Syllabus_English
##
See above
##
