Syllabus_Korean
##
The objectives of this class are learning mathematical analysis on various 
chemical reactions and its application to the reactor design. To achieve these 
objectives, reaction kinetics and reactor design are to be deeply discussed. 
Detailed issues are the basic reactor design, reaction kinetics, chemical 
reaction mechanism, and catalysis. In the reactor design part, batch and 
continuous reactor design equations are covered. Determination of reaction 
kinetic constant, reaction rate, and application to the reactor is covered in 
kinetics part. In addition, the reaction rate is to be understood from the 
chemical reaction mechanism. Finally, issues on catalysis and chemical 
reaction with mass transfer are to be discussed.
##
Syllabus_English
##
The objectives of this class are learning mathematical analysis on various 
chemical reactions and its application to the reactor design. To achieve these 
objectives, reaction kinetics and reactor design are to be deeply discussed. 
Detailed issues are the basic reactor design, reaction kinetics, chemical 
reaction mechanism, and catalysis. In the reactor design part, batch and 
continuous reactor design equations are covered. Determination of reaction 
kinetic constant, reaction rate, and application to the reactor is covered in 
kinetics part. In addition, the reaction rate is to be understood from the 
chemical reaction mechanism. Finally, issues on catalysis and chemical 
reaction with mass transfer are to be discussed.
##
