Syllabus_Korean
##
* Course Objectives: This course is designed to provide theoretical 
foundations and conceptual tools for undergraduate students to understand 
optimal financial decisions of corporations in terms of economics. The issues 
addressed in this course are as follows. First, this course helps students 
understand the stylized facts in corporate financing and capital structure in 
the theoretical framework of economics. In understanding the conceptual 
framework of capital structures, this course additionally examines the 
detailed implications of debt and equity instruments. In addition to the 
financing decision of corporations, payout policy is an issue that this course 
covers in depth. Furthermore, this course help students understand how the 
economic concepts of agency-principal issues and mechanism design can be 
applied in the field of optimal financial decisions of corporations. This 
course also helps students understand the economic implications of internal 
capital markets and the market for corporate control. Furthermore, this course 
covers the issues associated with corporate ownership and governance.
##
Syllabus_English
##
* Course Objectives: This course is designed to provide theoretical 
foundations and conceptual tools for undergraduate students to understand 
optimal financial decisions of corporations in terms of economics. The issues 
addressed in this course are as follows. First, this course helps students 
understand the stylized facts in corporate financing and capital structure in 
the theoretical framework of economics. In understanding the conceptual 
framework of capital structures, this course additionally examines the 
detailed implications of debt and equity instruments. In addition to the 
financing decision of corporations, payout policy is an issue that this course 
covers in depth. Furthermore, this course help students understand how the 
economic concepts of agency-principal issues and mechanism design can be 
applied in the field of optimal financial decisions of corporations. This 
course also helps students understand the economic implications of internal 
capital markets and the market for corporate control. Furthermore, this course 
covers the issues associated with corporate ownership and governance.
##
