Syllabus_Korean
##
This course is designed to build upon the rhetorical thinking, and critical 
reading/writing skills that you developed in Writing I. You will continue 
building your rhetorical skills – identifying and analyzing the  strategies 
writers use to persuade readers – and you will learn to use those persuasive 
strategies in your own writing. Emphasis will be placed on essay  organization 
& development, rhetorical strategies used in argument &  persuasion, as well 
as consideration of audience & purpose. We will begin with an intensive focus 
on understanding the structure of arguments. What makes a writer persuasive? 
How do writers use language or rhetorical contexts to  enhance an argument? 
You will practice academic writing with emphasis on argument, research, and 
style. Assignments, discussions, and writing exercises will be conducted both 
in class and online (YSCEC). You are expected to actively participate in both 
formats. In addition to regular in- and out-of-class reading and writing 
assignments, you will be required to write 2-3 major essays. In your essays, 
you will explore the various angles of an argument by examining how different 
authors used certain techniques to make his/her writing more persuasive. You 
will also learn the necessary processes for conducting research and 
incorporating research material into your writing, as well as how to evaluate 
and cite primary and secondary research sources. In the process, you will 
learn how to rhetorically develop and support your opinions, in an attempt to 
powerfully manipulate the thoughts and actions of others.

COURSE THEME: This course does not have a theme - students will research and 
choose topics of interest to analyze and write essays
##
Syllabus_English
##
This is a TENTATIVE online syllabus subject to change prior to the beginning 
of the course in September.
##
