Syllabus_Korean
##
This course is designed to build upon the rhetorical thinking, and critical 
reading/writing skills that you developed in Writing I. You will continue 
building your rhetorical skills – identifying and analyzing the  strategies 
writers use to persuade readers – and you will learn to use those persuasive 
strategies in your own writing. Emphasis will be placed on essay  organization 
& development, rhetorical strategies used in argument &  persuasion, as well 
as consideration of audience & purpose. We will begin with an intensive focus 
on understanding the structure of arguments. What makes a writer persuasive? 
How do writers use language or rhetorical contexts to  enhance an argument? 
You will practice academic writing with emphasis on argument, research, and 
style. Assignments, discussions, and writing exercises will be conducted both 
in class and online (YSCEC). You are expected to actively participate in both 
formats. In addition to regular in- and out-of-class reading and writing 
assignments, you will be required to write two major essays. The first is an 
exploratory essay in which you will explore the various angles of an argument 
by examining how different authors used certain techniques to make his/her 
writing more persuasive. The second is an argumentative research paper in 
which you will learn the necessary processes for conducting research and 
incorporating research material into your writing, as well as how to evaluate 
and cite primary and secondary research sources. In the process, you will 
learn how to rhetorically develop and support your research, in an attempt to 
powerfully manipulate the thoughts and actions of others.

COURSE THEME: This course will center on the theme of "technology" This theme 
will be reflected in our course readings, as well as your choices 
of essay topics.
##
Syllabus_English
##
This is a TENTATIVE online syllabus subject to change prior to the beginning 
of the course in September.
##
