Syllabus_Korean
##
The course aims to introduce basic concepts and notions essential to 
understanding principles of language testing. The course will deal with very 
fundamental issues such as what kind of tests exist, what concepts are 
important in constructing tests and making a 
valid judgment about them, how tests are established and used, and what new 
methods are proposed in this field as alternatives to high-stakes 
standardized tests. Throughout this class, students are expected to incease 
knowledge on basic testing data analysis, to enhance their ability to 
construct tests suitable to needs and objectives of specific educational 
contexts, and to increase critical thinking about commercial tests existing 
around the world.
##
Syllabus_English
##
The course aims to introduce basic concepts and notions essential to 
understanding principles of language testing. The course will deal with very 
fundamental issues such as what kind of tests exist, what concepts are 
important in constructing tests and making a 
valid judgment about them, how tests are established and used, and what new 
methods are proposed in this field as alternatives to high-stakes 
standardized tests. Throughout this class, students are expected to incease 
knowledge on basic testing data analysis, to enhance their ability to 
construct tests suitable to needs and objectives of specific educational 
contexts, and to increase critical thinking about commercial tests existing 
around the world.
##
