Syllabus_Korean
##
This course is first designed to familiarize the students with a few key 
notions of postcolonial theories, revisionist Marxist literary theories, and 
postmodern cultural study theories. As you can tell from the reading list of 
the first half semester, the notions we will explore are largely 
predicated on poststructuralist or postmodern perspectives that see 
ambivalence, instability, subversion, and self-deconstruction in both literary 
text and human identity. According to the same perspectives, these notions or
features are inherent in all entities, human or textual, as opposed 
to their assumed unity, certainty, and autonomy. Due to or perhaps by virtue 
of their alliance with postmodern epistemology, these notions are highly 
theoretical and thus tend to make our views on the world abstract. Thus, while 
we are going to appropriate these concepts in breaking with the conventional 
view of a text or the Text(culture) as some kind of self-sufficient, self-
centered entity, we will at the same time attempt at grounding our theoretical 
analysis by means of placing the texts in their appropriate spatial-temporal 
contexts. The contexts I have in mind are: the trimphant history of the 
British Empire from Daniel Defoe’s time to E. M. Forster’s. Thus, we will 
enage with several well-known British adventure narratives during the second 
half of the semester. We will not only discuss the political implications of 
these texts but also examine if there are any self-denying, restless, or 
subversive impulses or moments beneath the seemingly simple, well-emplotted 
structure of the texts despite their being traditionally classified as 
children’s literature. After all, the text will speak of itself only to those 
whose ears are willing to listen to other voices. Please be(a)ware that if you 
are not interested in postmodern thinking, this course can only be boring and 
even torturous.
##
Syllabus_English
##
See above
##
