Syllabus_Korean
##
Visual Systems is one of the most effective design methodologies used in 
communication design. In the past, design was only thought of as a branch of 
art and a result of feelings and intuition. However, in our current 
information age, design is often the outcome of objective and logical ways 
rather than subjective intuition. Of course, the final result of design is 
usually a combination of logic and intuition. This course aims to develop 
studentâ€™s design thinking and methods in an objective, logical and economical 
manner. Visual Systems takes `Maximum diversity from minimum inventory` as its 
motto to pursue economical design. The objective of this subject is also to 
develop and apply the most logical and effective design processes.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Visual Systems has two definitions. The first, `A System as a Whole`, is a 
method of looking at the organic relationships between the whole and its 
components. Only by looking at the whole through visual system thinking, the 
relationships can be analyzed systematically. 
The second meaning is `a generating visual system`. A program that shows how 
all the parts fit together to create visual system, in short, creating a kit, 
guideline and manual. Therefore, visual system can be defined as `a system as 
a whole is generated by a generation system`. Students must understand the two 
definitions of Visual Systems and undertake two main projects.
 
Assignment:
1.Calendar Design by Visual Systems: 12 sheet calendar (13 sheet including the 
cover) design project will allow you to practice yourself with visual systems. 
Students must design 13 sheets, including a cover. Every sheet must utilize 
your personal visual system kit, and show an organic relationship between each 
sheet (part). It goes without saying that the final result should be 
aesthetically beautiful and functionally systematic. In general, the function 
of a calendar is to show days and dates, but modern calendars often relate 
that information to the sidelines in order to emphasis the visual graphics. 
Finally, you must design a box to contain the 13 calendar sheets. This project 
must be completed before mid-term.
2. Brand Design by visual systems: Brand Identity is the most developed branch 
of communication design exploring visual systems thinking and methodologies. 
Students must choose a brand and design a basic and applications by visual 
system.
##
