Syllabus_Korean
##
Course Description
This course is designed to understand the major issues and theories on East 
Asian political economy and development. The objective of this course is to 
equip students with theoretical and conceptual tools necessary to explore the 
political economy and the unique paths and issues of development in East Asia. 
It deals with the economic growth, Asian crisis in 1997 and global financial 
crash of 2008, democratization, and globalization in East Asia, Japan’s 
decline and China’s emergence, East Asian regional order and regionalism, 
newly emerging issues about development (poverty, human rights, energy, and 
environment, etc.), reemerging nationalism and history disputes in East Asia, 
and new East Asian model. Through the political economic perspective, attempts 
will also be made to examine and compare the path of transformation and models 
of East Asian capitalism (Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, and China). North Korea 
will also be covered as a very abnormal factor in East Asia.
Central puzzles include: Was there a “miracle”? What brought about the 
economic crisis in 1997 and 2008? What led the way to democracy in East Asia? 
Can East Asia converge completely into the Anglo-Saxon model? Can we identify 
an East Asian path of democratization and development? How does globalization 
and democratization affect domestic change? What is the origin of economic 
recession of Japan? Can China play the role as a regional and global leader? 
Can North Korea survive? How should East Asia cope with the new international 
political economic order after the Brexit and Trump? Are East Asia really 
developed in many hotly debated issues? And is East Asian development 
sustainable? Etc.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Please refer to the attached file
##
