Syllabus_Korean
##
Corporate governance has emerged as a dominant issue in our world, 
particularly due to the wide-ranging ramifications it has on economies and 
financial markets. This course will provide a comparative perspective on the 
legal, policy and structural issues that surround the various debates on 
corporate governance. A central question will be how to devise and enforce 
rules and standards to minimize corporate governance failures. The course will 
first focus on the goal of corporate governance, particularly in a comparative 
context. It will next examine the relationship between CEOs, board of 
directors, officers, auditors, institutional investors, shareholders and 
stakeholders such as employees, creditors and banks. The effect of the 
corporate control market, consolidation among securities exchanges, executive 
compensation practice, and foreign listing of companies will be then studied. 
The course will finally explore the impact of sovereign wealth funds, the 
potential for convergence, and the future of international policy in light of 
the recent global financial crisis. The course will analyze governance issues 
through case studies involving such entities as Enron, Parmalat, Disney, Sony 
and Daewoo.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Corporate governance has emerged as a dominant issue in our world, 
particularly due to the wide-ranging ramifications it has on economies and 
financial markets. This course will provide a comparative perspective on the 
legal, policy and structural issues that surround the various debates on 
corporate governance. A central question will be how to devise and enforce 
rules and standards to minimize corporate governance failures. The course will 
first focus on the goal of corporate governance, particularly in a comparative 
context. It will next examine the relationship between CEOs, board of 
directors, officers, auditors, institutional investors, shareholders and 
stakeholders such as employees, creditors and banks. The effect of the 
corporate control market, consolidation among securities exchanges, executive 
compensation practice, and foreign listing of companies will be then studied. 
The course will finally explore the impact of sovereign wealth funds, the 
potential for convergence, and the future of international policy in light of 
the recent global financial crisis. The course will analyze governance issues 
through case studies involving such entities as Enron, Parmalat, Disney, Sony 
and Daewoo.
##
