Syllabus_Korean
##
This course introduces students to the field of international studies, and 
serves as a foundation for future coursework in the International Studies 
major. Students will gain familiarity with the core disciplines of 
international studies: international history, international relations, 
international economics & political economy, and a variety of cultural studies 
and social science approaches to globalization. We will learn these various 
disciplines by analyzing short writings by top practitioners who apply 
theories to concrete issues. 

 
As we learn the disciplines, we will also explore some of the key issues in 
contemporary (post-Cold War) international studies, such as: the nature of 
historical change in the 20th and 21st centuries; the nature of sovereignty, 
and debate between realism vs. liberalism vs. constructivism in contemporary 
international relations; the balance of state vs. market, especially in an era 
of global financial crises & transnational security challenges; new concepts 
of identity in an era of cosmopolitanism and resurgent nationalism. 

 In the final weeks of the course, we will apply international studies’ 
historical, political, economic and cultural approaches to two case studies, 
both East Asian, but representing opposite extremes in the process of 
globalization: the rise of China, which has actively sought and benefited 
extraordinarily from globalization, and whose rise is challenging the 
foundations of the post-World War II world order; and the isolation of North 
Korea, which refuses to abandon Cold War politics and Soviet economics, even 
though its people have suffered intensely by rejecting globalization. Studying 
the PRC and DPRK therefore allow us to test international studies on the most 
significant “success” and “failure” for globalization in East Asia.
##
Syllabus_English
##
NA.
##
