Syllabus_Korean
##
This course explores intersection points between China and Korea during modern 
times, picking up in the Ming-Qing/ Choson period and coming into the present. 
We study official relations between Beijing and Seoul/ Pyongyang, but also 
look more broadly at connections, both continuities and divergences, between 
their experiences of modernity. The focus is on politics and ideas, war and 
foreign relations, but diversions are made into social and economic themes 
from time to time.
Three massive wars functions as the “violent teacher” for understanding the 
evolution of Sino-Korean relations—the Imjin War of the 1590s, Sino-Japanese 
War of the 1890s, and Korean War of the 1950s. The parallel evolution of 
Confucian monarchical states into a variety of communist, democratic, and 
developmental states is another major topic of the course. We also examine the 
varieties of East Asian nationalism by comparing the self-strengthening, 
patriotic enlightenment (the March 1st and May 4th), pan-Asianist, and 
communist movements. We trace the development of Sino-Korean relations into 
the contemporary period, from the violence of the Korean War to the diplomacy 
of the Six Party Talks, and Beijing’s post-Cold War strategy of being friends 
with both Koreas.
Each week’s reading combines classic and cutting-edge scholarship along with 
primary sources in English translation. Students with Chinese 
and Korean language skills are encouraged to look at original materials, but 
there is no language requirement in order to fulfill the requirements of the 
course.
##
Syllabus_English
##
N/A
##
