Syllabus_Korean
##
Web servers provide multimedia, objects, documents and other data to users as 
they navigate the World Wide Web.  In industries where maintaining a Web 
presence is mission critical, even when hosting the server is outsource, its 
configuration and administration responsibility still remains with the 
individual company.  This course discusses protocols necessary for web server 
operation, designing web applications, database connectivity, hosting dynamic 
web sites and applications, and configuring common web servers. The hands-on 
component of this course provides students with the tools and knowledge to 
configure and manage a web server, a talent required by every web-based 
organization.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Description
Web servers provide multimedia, objects, documents and other data to users as 
they navigate the World Wide Web.  In industries where maintaining a Web 
presence is mission critical, even when hosting the server is outsource, its 
configuration and administration responsibility still remains with the 
individual company.  This course discusses protocols necessary for web server 
operation, designing web applications, database connectivity, hosting dynamic 
web sites and applications, and configuring common web servers. The hands-on 
component of this course provides students with the tools and knowledge to 
configure and manage a web server, a talent required by every web-based 
organization.  

Grading Policy
Mid-term exam 30%
Assignments 30%
Final Project 30%
Class participation 10%

Instructor`s Profile
Professor Min Song, PhD, is an associate professor in the Department of 
Library and  Information Science at Yonsei University. Prior to the current 
position, Dr. Song was an associate Professor in the Department of Information 
Systems and  co-director of the Informatics Research Laboratory at New Jersey 
Institute of  Technology, where the goal of his research is discovery of 
knowledge from large natural language data such as blogs, doctor¡¯s notes, 
and scientific  publications. His research interests are in text mining, 
bioinfomatics,  information retrieval and digital libraries.
##
