Syllabus_Korean
##
We will first study Fourier series which is of great importance to scientists 
and engineers. The importance of the Fourier series stems not only from the 
significance of their physical interpretations, such as time frequency 
analysis of signals, but also the fact that Fourier analytic techniques are 
extremely powerful. Next, we will study partial differential equations which 
arise in connection with various physical and geometrical problems. By means 
of Fourier series, we will solve the boundary value problems of partial 
differential equations, such as heat equations and wave equations. Finally, we 
cover complex analysis. Many physical and engineering problems may be solved 
by methods involving complex numbers, for example, two dimensional problems in 
potential theory and fluid flow.
##
Syllabus_English
##
We will first study Fourier series which is of great importance to scientists 
and engineers. The importance of the Fourier series stems not only from the 
significance of their physical interpretations, such as time frequency 
analysis of signals, but also the fact that Fourier analytic techniques are 
extremely powerful. Next, we will study partial differential equations which 
arise in connection with various physical and geometrical problems. By means 
of Fourier series, we will solve the boundary value problems of partial 
differential equations, such as heat equations and wave equations. Finally, we 
cover complex analysis. Many physical and engineering problems may be solved 
by methods involving complex numbers, for example, two dimensional problems in 
potential theory and fluid flow.
##
