Syllabus_Korean
##
MAT3109 is the first course in a two semester sequence for the junior/senior 
level undergraduate modern algebra. Modern algebra course covers all the 
topics such as groups, rings, modules, and fields in algebra commonly used by 
analysts, combinatorists, computer scientists, geometers, logicians, number 
theorists, or topologists. It has come to occupy a remarkably central role in 
modern mathematics, but rather in a different way. Modern algebra opens the 
door to higher mathematics, science, and technology. This course emphasizes 
skills, theory, and applications.
##
Syllabus_English
##
MAT3109 (Modern Algebra 1) is the branch of mathematics that deals with 
objects and the operations that transform them and imbue them with meaning. It 
aims to find general underlying principles common to the familiar and less 
familiar operations (addition, multiplication, etc.) on the familiar objects 
of algebra such as integers, polynomials, matrices, permutations, and much 
more. We then abstract the data we glean from these objects and operations. 
This course covers topics such as groups, rings, fields and Galois theory, 
vector spaces and modules, as well as applications of these. Modern Algebra 
gives students a multi-perspective on the subject. This includes, 
understanding abstract theories, doing computations both algebraic and 
numerical, and finally seeing some applications of algebra in other branches 
of mathematics and in the real-world.
##
