Syllabus_Korean
##
The course addresses fundamentals of the chemistry of solids based on quantum 
chemistry. The relationship between electronic structure, chemical bonding, 
organic chemistry and macroscopic structure and properties is developed. The 
subject covers from atomic and molecular structures to various engineering 
applications of materials based on the principles of quantum chemistry, 
physical chemistry and biochemistry. Topics include basic quantum mechanics, 
atomic structure, molecular bonding in materials, electric and magnetic 
properties of molecules and macroscopic and microscopic structures. Organic 
and biochemistry are also introduced for understanding of soft solids such as 
polymers, DNA and proteins. The course will cover diverse case studies of the 
functional solids drawn from industrial practice including carbon nanotubes, 
batteries, organic transistor, LED, LCD, memory and so on.
##
Syllabus_English
##
The course addresses fundamentals of the chemistry of solids based on quantum 
chemistry. The relationship between electronic structure, chemical bonding, 
organic chemistry and macroscopic structure and properties is developed. The 
subject covers from atomic and molecular structures to various engineering 
applications of materials based on the principles of quantum chemistry, 
physical chemistry and biochemistry. Topics include basic quantum mechanics, 
atomic structure, molecular bonding in materials, electric and magnetic 
properties of molecules and macroscopic and microscopic structures. Organic 
and biochemistry are also introduced for understanding of soft solids such as 
polymers, DNA and proteins. The course will cover diverse case studies of the 
functional solids drawn from industrial practice including carbon nanotubes, 
batteries, organic transistor, LED, LCD, memory and so on.
##
