Syllabus_Korean
##
Interfaces play an essential role in virtually all materials and engineering 
systems. While the sizes of materials are shrinking to nano and sub-nano 
scales, the interface begins to dominate their interesting properties.  With 
the decrease in size and increase in complexity of materials, this already 
highly interdisciplinary field is now becoming ever more integrated. Physics, 
chemistry, materials science and life sciences blend to encourage new, cross-
pollinating ideas, which will drive forward our understanding of the physics 
and chemistry at the interface.
This course begins with the definitions of surfaces and interfaces of 
materials.  Next, we will study various types of interfaces and their chemical 
and physical properties. The property measurement technology of the properties 
will be studied as well. Finally, the increasing needs of interfacial 
engineering - controlling interface structure and properties - for new 
devices, advanced engineering systems, engineered materials will be introduced 
as case studies.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Interfaces play an essential role in virtually all materials and engineering 
systems. While the sizes of materials are shrinking to nano and sub-nano 
scales, the interface begins to dominate their interesting properties.  With 
the decrease in size and increase in complexity of materials, this already 
highly interdisciplinary field is now becoming ever more integrated. Physics, 
chemistry, materials science and life sciences blend to encourage new, cross-
pollinating ideas, which will drive forward our understanding of the physics 
and chemistry at the interface.
This course begins with the definitions of surfaces and interfaces of 
materials.  Next, we will study various types of interfaces and their chemical 
and physical properties. The property measurement technology of the properties 
will be studied as well. Finally, the increasing needs of interfacial 
engineering - controlling interface structure and properties - for new 
devices, advanced engineering systems, engineered materials will be introduced 
as case studies.
##
