Syllabus_Korean
##
This course is designed to cover key components of policy tools in modern 
states. In particular, this course aims at enhancing theoretical and practical 
understandings of various policy tools widely adopted in the era of new 
governance. First, this class explores the global competitiveness of nations 
and its determinants. It also examines the nature of good governance that 
promotes sustainable development of nations. Then it reviews various tools of 
government as a guide to the new governance including direct government, 
government corporations, economic/social regulation, government insurance, 
public information, contracting, corrective tax, grants, loan programs, tax 
expenditure, vouchers, tort liability, etc.
##
Syllabus_English
##
This course is designed to cover key components of politics and governance in 
modern states. In particular, this course aims at enhancing theoretical and 
practical understandings of various policy instruments widely adopted in the 
era of new governance. First, this class explores the global competitiveness 
of nations and its determinants. It also examines the nature of good 
governance that promotes sustainable development of nations. Then it reviews 
various tools of government as a guide to the new governance including direct 
government, government corporations, economic/social regulation, government 
insurance, public information, contracting, corrective tax, grants, loan 
programs, tax expenditure, vouchers, tort liability, etc.
##
