Syllabus_Korean
##
You will have the opportunity to learn biology techniques by directly 
conducting research related projects carried out in the BC related major* 
professor’s laboratory. With the help of the professor and the graduate 
student mentor, you can directly experience how to select the topic of 
experiment research, the planning/execution of experiments. The customized 
process and contents of the experimental research will be provided based on 
the experience of undergraduates participating in the individual experimental 
research. For example, in the case of undergraduates who are new to 
experimental research, from the selection of experimental topics till the 
writing of experimental papers, they can receive direct training on the basic 
experimental research from the graduate student mentor on how to read and 
understand research papers, how to handle experimental instruments 
(micropipettes, etc.), how to prepare materials containing reagents to be used 
in experiments, how to conduct the experiment using the experimental 
materials, how to derive/interpret results and how to write report/thesis 
papers. For undergraduates who have experience in experimental research, you 
may also have the opportunity to participate in the selection of research 
topics and directly conduct experimental research with the mentor’s 
assistance.

Alternatively, you can write a review report of certain subject instead of 
learning biology techniques and writing experimental report.
##
Syllabus_English
##
You will have the opportunity to learn biology techniques by directly 
conducting research related projects carried out in the BC related major* 
professor’s laboratory. With the help of the professor and the graduate 
student mentor, you can directly experience how to select the topic of 
experiment research, the planning/execution of experiments. The customized 
process and contents of the experimental research will be provided based on 
the experience of undergraduates participating in the individual experimental 
research. For example, in the case of undergraduates who are new to 
experimental research, from the selection of experimental topics till the 
writing of experimental papers, they can receive direct training on the basic 
experimental research from the graduate student mentor on how to read and 
understand research papers, how to handle experimental instruments 
(micropipettes, etc.), how to prepare materials containing reagents to be used 
in experiments, how to conduct the experiment using the experimental 
materials, how to derive/interpret results and how to write report/thesis 
papers. For undergraduates who have experience in experimental research, you 
may also have the opportunity to participate in the selection of research 
topics and directly conduct experimental research with the mentor’s 
assistance.

Alternatively, you can write a review report of certain subject instead of 
learning biology techniques and writing experimental report.
In either case (experimental or review report), students enrolled in this 
course should 

- contact the BC related major* professor of the desired laboratory within 
Dec. 2017 (He/She may allow you to work during winter vacation) and 

- obtain the consent of the professor and then submit the signed document of 
application to the department office by Wednesday, March 8, 2017.
##
