Syllabus_Korean
##
The Twentieth-Century represents one of the most exciting and wide-ranging 
chapters in musical history. Modernist classical composers like Arnold 
Schoenberg and John Cage radically challenged existing notions of what music 
is supposed to be and its esthetic meaning. This led to forms of western art 
music that were ever more experimental, diverse, and challenging: atonal 
music, serialism, neo-classicism, minimalism, multimedia and electronic 
compositions, and postmodernism.  Yet at the same time that “classical music”
(western art music) seemed to become more and more esoteric,  the drastic 
revolutions in the technology of recording and sound production led to the 
emergence of music as a global cultural phenomenon.

The goal of this course is to study both of these sides of music in the 
Twentieth-Century.  In the first half of the semester we will study the 
exciting developments in classical music in Europe and America that led from 
the late Romanticism of Wagner, Mahler and Strauss to 20th century 
impressionism, atonality, serialism, minimalism, neo classicism, avan-garde, 
and postmodernism.  We will also study the parallel develops of popular music 
in America from Blues, Jazz, Rock and roll to Hip-Pop and Rap. While the main 
focus of this course will be on understanding and appreciating the music 
itself from a musical perspective and recognizing the underlying structures 
and musical concepts, we will also consider historical background, and the 
importance of music as a crucial element of modern culture. And finally we 
will try to think about the role that music plays in creating a truly global 
society.
##
Syllabus_English
##
TBA
##
