Syllabus_Korean
##
Korean Literary Translation

This course will teach the fundamentals of literary translation from Korean to 
English. A new work or works will be selected for translation each semester, 
but will always be drawn from one of the following genres: prose fiction, 
poetry, drama, and essay. These works are often laden with slang, dialect, 
colloquialisms, puns, and other items that require a high degree of both 
cultural understanding and finesse to move effectively from the original 
language into the target language. In addition, works will often be selected 
from the early part of the twentieth century, making historical knowledge and 
sensitivity also essential. This is one of the primary differences between 
literary translation and other fields of translation such as legal or 
technical, which often display a high degree of commonality across languages. 
The course will provide an admixture of theory and practice, but, since 
teaching students to produce tangible results in the form of excellent 
translations is the course’s primary goal, the actual practice of translation 
will be the primary focus. As such, a native or near-native command of the two 
languages is a prerequisite; this is not a language course, and students will 
be expected to be able to translate from the first week of class. During class 
meetings, following brief lectures by the professor, students will alternate 
presenting their work via overhead projector. The professor and the student’s 
peers will then critique the work, asking questions and offering comments. The 
professor will translate along with the students, providing a copy of his own 
work at the end of each class meeting as a benchmark. A polished, preferably 
publishable, version of each student’s work over the course of the semester 
will serve as the final course assignment.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Please see schedule below.
##
