Syllabus_Korean
##
Race and gender are central to our lives. This upper-level writing seminar 
explores how race and gender might be viewed through the lenses of philosophy 
and science, with an emphasis on what recent psychology can tell us about our 
own, perhaps unconscious attitudes towards race and gender. In the first part 
of this course, we will examine the extent to which race and gender are useful 
scientific categories. Do they correlate with general biological or cognitive 
differences, such as medical conditions, IQ, aggression or mathematical 
ability? Thus we will seek to address the extent to which race and gender are 
social constructions, objective natural categories, or ought to be eliminated 
from scientific discourse. In the second half of the course we will examine 
the recent explosion of research on implicit, unconscious attitudes about race 
and gender. One of the most provocative findings by psychologists is that 
negative implicit attitudes often persist even when explicit attitudes on race 
or gender are positive, and oriented towards equality. In light of this, each 
student (and the professor!) will be asked to take a personal journey and test 
herself (confidentially) on implicit biases related to gender and race. We 
will then explore the implications of these findings —on hiring, voting, 
juries, your professor’s grading!— and explore psychology’s most recent 
recommendations on ameliorating negative implicit/unconscious attitudes on 
race and gender.
##
Syllabus_English
##
This is a tentative list of readings that will be covered in this class. The 
only way to stay 100% current on precisely what material is being covered on 
what day is to attend class regularly and to read the course’s YSCEC page. 
Don’t miss changes to the schedule by missing class!
##
