Syllabus_Korean
##
Primarily intended for international students, this course will introduce 
students to the major themes of scholarly debates on the relationship between 
law and politics in Korean society.
##
Syllabus_English
##
Primarily intended for international students, this course will introduce 
students to the major themes of scholarly debates on the relationship between 
law and politics in modern Korean society. According to conventional wisdom, 
law was always associated with punishment in Korea and, as a result of this, 
Koreans generally wish to avoid any contact with the legal system. Others 
claim that there are signs that the law is playing a more positive and 
constructive role in Korean society generally.  Rather than being in a 
subservient position toward the political process, the law is now being 
invoked to give structure and put restraint on the political process itself.  
Which of these is a valid picture of law in the Korean context?  What accounts 
for such conflicting views?  
  This course will therefore start out with a historical overview of the legal 
system of pre-modern Korea, particularly the Chos≈èn dynasty (1392-1910), as 
well as the legal values and ideals of the traditional society.  After that, 
we will turn to the discussions regarding Korean "legal culture" in 
contemporary society, which many argue is still influenced by traditional 
factors.  Does it help to talk about a distinctively Korean legal culture in 
the first place?  In the second half of the semester, we will study the 
gradual development of constitutionalism and rule of law in contemporary 
Korea.  After an overview of the history of constitutional revisions in Korea, 
we shall focus on a number of decisions rendered by the Korean Constitutional 
Court on selected issues. The following is a tentative schedule, and is 
subject to change.
##
